README.md, before:

# uWebSockets.js + Express

Express API compatibility layer for uWebSockets.js.

- ✅ Middleware support
- ✅ Supports existing Express Router instances
- Response API
  - ✅ res.headersSent
  - ✅ res.end()
  - ✅ res.get()
  - ✅ res.json()
  - ✅ res.jsonp()
  - ✅ res.location()
  - ✅ res.redirect()
  - ✅ res.send()
  - ✅ res.sendStatus()
  - ✅ res.set()
  - ✅ res.status()
  - ✅ res.type()
  - ✅ res.vary()
  - ❌ res.app
  - ❌ res.locals
  - ❌ res.append()
  - ❌ res.attachment()
  - ❌ res.cookie()
  - ❌ res.clearCookie()
  - ❌ res.download()
  - ❌ res.format()
  - ❌ res.links()
  - ❌ res.render()
  - ❌ res.sendFile()
- Request API
  - ✅ req.ip
  - ✅ req.method
  - ✅ req.originalUrl
  - ✅ req.params
  - ✅ req.path
  - ✅ req.query
  - ✅ req.get()
  - ✅ req.param()
  - ❌ req.app
  - ❌ req.baseUrl
  - ❌ req.body
  - ❌ req.cookies
  - ❌ req.fresh
  - ❌ req.hostname
  - ❌ req.ips
  - ❌ req.protocol
  - ❌ req.route
  - ❌ req.secure
  - ❌ req.signedCookies
  - ❌ req.stale
  - ❌ req.subdomains
  - ❌ req.xhr
  - ❌ req.accepts()
  - ❌ req.acceptsCharsets()
  - ❌ req.acceptsEncodings()
  - ❌ req.acceptsLanguages()
  - ❌ req.is()
  - ❌ req.range()

## Middleware support
- ❌ [express/session](https://github.com/expressjs/session)
- ❌ [express/serve-index](https://github.com/expressjs/serve-index)
- ❌ [express/serve-static](https://github.com/expressjs/serve-static) (`express.static()`)

## Usage

```typescript
import uWS from "uWebSockets.js"
import expressify from "uwebsockets-express"

const uwsApp = uWS.App();
const app = expressify(uwsApp);

app.get("/hello", (req, res) => {
  res.json({ hello: "world!" });
});
```

## License

MIT

Commit message:

improve stream compatibility. serve-index and serve-static middlewares working

README.md, after:

# uWebSockets.js + Express

Express API compatibility layer for uWebSockets.js.

- ✅ Middleware support
- ✅ Supports existing Express Router instances
- Response API
  - ✅ res.headersSent
  - ✅ res.end()
  - ✅ res.get()
  - ✅ res.json()
  - ✅ res.jsonp()
  - ✅ res.location()
  - ✅ res.redirect()
  - ✅ res.send()
  - ✅ res.sendStatus()
  - ✅ res.set()
  - ✅ res.status()
  - ✅ res.type()
  - ✅ res.vary()
  - ❌ res.app
  - ❌ res.locals
  - ❌ res.append()
  - ❌ res.attachment()
  - ❌ res.cookie()
  - ❌ res.clearCookie()
  - ❌ res.download()
  - ❌ res.format()
  - ❌ res.links()
  - ❌ res.render()
  - ❌ res.sendFile()
- Request API
  - ✅ req.ip
  - ✅ req.method
  - ✅ req.originalUrl
  - ✅ req.params
  - ✅ req.path
  - ✅ req.query
  - ✅ req.get()
  - ✅ req.param()
  - ❌ req.app
  - ❌ req.baseUrl
  - ❌ req.body
  - ❌ req.cookies
  - ❌ req.fresh
  - ❌ req.hostname
  - ❌ req.ips
  - ❌ req.protocol
  - ❌ req.route
  - ❌ req.secure
  - ❌ req.signedCookies
  - ❌ req.stale
  - ❌ req.subdomains
  - ❌ req.xhr
  - ❌ req.accepts()
  - ❌ req.acceptsCharsets()
  - ❌ req.acceptsEncodings()
  - ❌ req.acceptsLanguages()
  - ❌ req.is()
  - ❌ req.range()

## Middleware support
- ❌ [express/session](https://github.com/expressjs/session)
- ✅ [express/serve-index](https://github.com/expressjs/serve-index)
- ✅ [express/serve-static](https://github.com/expressjs/serve-static) (`express.static()`)

## Usage

```typescript
import uWS from "uWebSockets.js"
import expressify from "uwebsockets-express"

const uwsApp = uWS.App();
const app = expressify(uwsApp);

app.get("/hello", (req, res) => {
  res.json({ hello: "world!" });
});
```

## Disclaimer

Having an express compatibility layer on top of uWS is going to bring its performance slightly down. This library does not have performance as its only objective.

If you find potential improvements to make it more performance, feel free to send me a pull-request!

## License

MIT
